What to do?
Not big or small. I said your second uncle,
How dare you talk to me like that?
Second uncle, even if you don’t emphasize it,
I also know that after you spoke,
The second uncle who tampered with me on my private plane,
Go send someone to your nonsense.
You, what you said, my mother will settle the account for the lost plane with you.
But do you dare to use your grandfather’s body to see the Master?
I'm going to kill you.
You return this favor, the old man is my biological father.
How could I,
Li Zhan hates you. Please tell me I'll come back.
Everything that belongs to me is mine
Don't go in without eating and serving.
Come in and I'll call you Young Uncle
Serve, I can just find the courier, Ma Yun, you can handle it yourself
You don’t want Mr. Zhang Nuo
The first episode of "Hui Ming" sold out like this
The old man hasn’t said anything yet
Let me talk to you about your home
Don't put food in front of me
A plane losing power can also kill people
That's not what you did
Do you think you should kill me?
You can kill me for this harm
Speak with evidence
Don't think you are talking about my knowledge
I don't dare to sue him anymore.
Where we establish paternal authority
It has always been a secret arrangement
Forget it
It has to be me
You are amazing
It's my thing
I'll take it back
Even if you are using the old watch, you are worthy of coming, so I say
Don't say anything
I have to kill you to kill Bei.
There is an inorganic talk
I am the old man's son
you are grandson
Do you understand that you filmed me from behind?
What if grandpa
He is lively
You really made me laugh to death
Learn to speak big words
If we talk about the old man
Bring your home to your door
That person will talk to you
I won't whistle for you
Come on, that's it